New York – The NYU Sports Film Festival (NYUSFF) is set to return for its fifth annual edition on April
25th & 26th, 2025, showcasing the powerful intersection of sports and cinema. The student-run festival,
co-produced by the NYU Production Lab, NYU Athletics, and the NYU Tisch Institute of Global Sport,
continues its tradition of bringing together filmmakers, athletes, and industry professionals from around
the world.
The 2025 festival will feature screenings of selected short films, filmmaker Q&As, idea pitching
opportunities, sports media panels, and culminating in an awards ceremony. Events will take place across
two dynamic locations: the NYU Production Lab, a hub for creative development in one of the best film
schools in America, and the Angelika Film Center, an iconic venue for independent cinema in New York
City. Brands involved in the event will include Overtime, Amazon, NBC 4, FOX Sports, Bristol Studio,
MLB Network, Red Bull, Point Road Productions, Watch This Ready, and more.
The NYU Sports Film Festival received hundreds of submissions from student and professional
filmmakers from 17 different countries and 22 states, offering a diverse range of stories. The submission
categories for the 2025 edition of the NYUSFF included: NYU Documentary and NYU Narrative (meant
for NYU students and alumni); Open Documentary and Open Narrative; and the Pitch Contest, where
NYU students, alumni, and faculty have the opportunity to present innovative sports media project ideas
to a panel of industry professionals that make ideas come to life. Guests at the Pitch Contest will also
have their own chance to present ideas, as upon check-in they will be able to draw a number to be selected
randomly for a chance to give an elevator-style-pitch to the esteemed Judges as well. No Press will be
allowed to attend specifically the Pitch Contest.
“From Raging Bull to He Got Game to The Rider, NYU filmmakers have brought powerful
sports stories to the screen,” says John Tintori, Executive Director of the NYU Production Lab and
Associate Arts Professor in the Graduate Film Program in the NYU Tisch School of the Arts “The NYU
Sports Film Festival celebrates that great tradition.”
The 5th edition of the NYU Sports Film Festival, set for April 25-26, will be free and open to the public,
offering an exciting lineup of events. Tickets for all events will be available through Eventbrite.
For more information on the 2025 NYU Sports Film Festival, including event details and ticketing
updates, please visit https://wp.nyu.edu/sf / or contact Anthony Anzora at nyusportsfilmfestival@nyu.edu.