Que Gaskins
Henry “Que” Gaskins is a branding and marketing visionary best known for helping Reebok transform itself from an athletic shoe company to a lifestyle brand by leading the RBK division and forging pioneering relationships with the likes of Allen Iverson, Jay-Z, 50 Cent, Pharrell, and Shakira, among others.

Currently, Que is the Chief Brand & Innovation Officer for the National Basketball Players Association, the NBPA. In this role, Que created the I.D.E.A. Lab with the mission of improving Innovation, the Development of the brand and profitable assets and I.P., enhancing the Engagement amongst players and brands, and providing Access to culture. Prior to the NBPA, Que was the EVP of Brand Marketing & Strategy for Def Jam Recordings where his mission was to redefine and build the record label of the future. Prior to Def Jam, Que founded QUE-IN a Philadelphia based brand strategy and creative solutions agency. Clients of QUE-IN included: Gas It Up; Collective Shift; Revolt TV; Audio Wear; Li-Ning Sports (Dwyane Wade Brand); Frigo Revolution Wear; Barclays Card US; AfroPunk; Spalding; and RDS Auto Group (Porsche, Lamborghini and Mclaren).

Que has held senior executive marketing positions at Nike, American Eagle Outfitters, Reebok, and Dayton-Hudson. In his first taste of entrepreneurship, Que co-founded the ad*itive, an advertising and lifestyle marketing agency. Clients of the ad*itive included some of the biggest brands in the world: Yum! Brands, truth.com, Colgate, Ultra Sheen, Timberland, Sprite, Amtrak, Choice Hotels, Bermuda Department of Tourism, McDonalds, Reebok, and Volkswagen.

Ionie Banner
Ionie is a Grants and Data Analyst working at the intersection of equity, data, and sports. Her work spans grants management, philanthropic strategy, and the data infrastructure — driven by the belief that rigorous analysis and intentional strategy are essential to community-centered impact.

Caleb Miner
Caleb Miner is a marketing strategist working at the intersection of culture, sports, style, and community. With experience spanning global brands and independent labels, he has led campaigns and activations for the likes of Gap, Chase, PUMA, and NASCAR. His work also includes collaborations with NBA icons Chris Paul, Dwyane Wade, and Carmelo Anthony, as well as platinum-selling artist A$AP Ferg. He specializes in turning cultural insight into partnerships and experiences that live as naturally in culture as they do in campaigns.

Jared Thompson
Jared Thompson is a Vice President in the Alternative Programming department at Gersh. He focuses on packaging and staffing unscripted programming and representing talent across broadcast, cable, and streaming networks. In addition to his work in the unscripted space, Jared has been an early adopter of emerging and new media markets sourcing lucrative digital, podcast, and brand-funded content opportunities for his clients. He also plays a key role in Gersh’s growing brand consulting business, working directly with brand clients on entertainment strategy, business development, and long-term growth.

Jared’s client list includes premier full-service production companies, industry-leading showrunners, as well as high-profile celebrities, digital creators, and other prominent unscripted talent. Outside of his role at Gersh, Jared is active in the entertainment industry community with a two-year role as an HRTS Associates Board Member, involvement in multiple mentorship programs, and participation in speaking engagements as an guest lecturer at UCLA, Syracuse, and Loyola Marymount University.

Jared previously worked at A3 Artists Agency after starting his career at Rebel Entertainment Partners. He relocated to New York City in May 2022 after spending 12 years in Los Angeles. Originally from Denver, Colorado, Jared attended Arizona State University where he earned a BA in Finance.

Julia Benavides
Julia Benavides is a Digital Agent at Gersh representing a diverse roster of digital-first creators and public figures, including astronaut Kellie Gerardi, philanthropist Jesús Morales, relationship/dating expert Tiff Baira, street interviewer Shan Rizwan and dermatologist Dr. Abby Waldman. She works with talent across lifestyle, comedy, beauty, wellness, with a strong focus on expert/educational point of views and advocacy across multiple categories.

Julia joined Gersh in January 2024 following the acquisition of A3 Artists Agency, where she began her agency career in September 2020. Before that, she worked at NBCUniversal, supporting teams across marketing, insights, and late-night programming.

Deirunas Visockas
Deirunas Visockas is the Executive Vice President of Gersh Sports, where he leads U.S. basketball operations and represents clients across the NBA, international leagues, and the NIL landscape. A certified NBPA and FIBA agent, he has extensive experience negotiating contracts and navigating the NBA salary cap and collective bargaining agreement, with a track record of representing players selected or signed in each of the last four NBA drafts.

Originally from Lithuania, Visockas played high school and collegiate basketball in the United States, competing at Lafayette College and Boston College, where he later earned his MBA. He is known for his deep expertise in player evaluation and scouting, combining a global perspective with a detail-oriented approach to talent representation. He currently resides in San Antonio, Texas with his wife and two sons.

Schuyler Roos
Schuyler Roos is a Talent Coordinator at Gersh. He is passionate about finding opportunities for athletes to integrate across other forms of entertainment. Schuyler is based in New York.

Jayson Council
Jayson Council is a leading social impact innovator and the Head of Culture at Gersh Talent Agency, where he drives social innovation, purpose branding, and strategic partnerships.

With over 20 years of cross-industry expertise, Jayson is a proud HBCU and Ivy League alumnus, a cross industry + sector consultant, and a skilled photographer focused on environmental portraits.

He has dedicated his career to enhancing both private and public sectors through representation, respect, repair, and, most importantly, the transformative power of opportunity.

Jayson’s steadfast commitment to culture, equity, and social impact positions him as a formidable catalyst for change in our industry.
